 we dig into the other field of plays. So specifically with soccer, performance actually is not part of deliverable one, it's part of deliverable two. So I think the majority of that mapping won't be immediate. But I think some big questions for us with regards to what should fit into performance can help us shape what goes into sportswear software, which is part of deliverable one. So yeah, I think part of this is really to understand the differences, the key differences between performance and lifestyle, and making sure that when we are doing that sportswear lifestyle, soccer-inspired mapping, we're not tagging performance by mistake. So with that, with performance, the way that we're thinking about it, again, we're taking this brand franchise angle, so making sure that we are including things that are considered performance soccer models. I have this list here, but if it is not comprehensive, if there are certain franchises here that don't make sense to include, definitely let me know. But overall, our strategy is really to lean on these brand and model families that are used in performance lines across major brands, and then also use certain language or cues that are specific to performance soccer, so things like FG, SG, indoor, any sort of indicator of performance. And then these are some preliminary results that we've pulled based off of that. So again, don't necessarily need to go through this line by line, but at some point, we'd love for you all to look through these results to see if they make sense. Are there things that are being captured under performance that shouldn't be? The subsport mapping of indoor versus outdoor isn't quite done yet, so this is inclusive of both at this point in time. But as I said, it's not part of deliverable, and so a lot of this might be done in the later weeks. But I'll pause there. Does that make sense with the way that I've described it in that brand and model families are especially important, and then certain language cues are also very important? And this is, again, in addition to how retailers categorize them. Dick's Sporting Goods is also putting things into a soccer cleats category. Then we would also take that into consideration, too. One quick question about how are you separate? I do see the Samba indoor classic light showing up, and so I think that is one of those that is clearly bolted for a reason, I'm guessing. But what gives it to light the distinction between actual performance fair versus non-performance? What goes into the distinction between performance and non-performance soccer? For franchises like Samba, that light really is all over the place. Yeah, Samba for one is very challenging, I will say. And I think that's one where we would definitely appreciate your input and guidance, just because there are so many different versions. And there's the ATVs. There's the OGs. There's indoor soccer. So in this case, I do think we will have to go to that item level to be able to distinguish. And I think what's kind of challenging with this sportswear soccer is that most retailers don't really have a soccer lifestyle category, and it's just more so a casual sneaker or lifestyle category. So trying to isolate what specifically is soccer-inspired is a bit challenging with that in mind. But yeah, Samba is one of them that I think is a bit challenging, because it kind of spans a lot of different categories, or could span a lot of different categories, for sure. And then with regards to Samba, what is coming into lifestyle? I think the top one is definitely the OG. From what I've seen in the web descriptions, sometimes there will be an indicator that it is an indoor soccer shoe, or it might say messy. It might have a collab with a soccer player that might indicate that. But yeah, curious if you all have any thoughts there, too. I'm literally looking at this indoor on their website, and it says it's an indoor soccer shoe right here. None of the nine number of people need to be used to actually know that. It was an indoor soccer shoe in the 70s. It's a lifestyle now. I'm not sure if they have any performance versions of it. And there's like this is the one, specifically the indoor soccer shoe. Indoor leads with a classic soccer design. OK. There's like, if you look at that. It's under originals. That's sportswear. So this is under originals? No, this one isn't an OG. This is a white. That's an indoor soccer shoe. The title. The OG is the similar items. This one shows up as a regular one, but it has indoor leads with a classic soccer design. And then underneath, you may also be interested in the OG version, which looks exactly the same. We just put them all in. And I don't. I just didn't read his plate. No, I know. I just don't. I'm on a hotty site now. I'm trying to find a performance version. The merchandising this is a performance. Geralt. Geralt. Let me show you my support. Most of it, given folks, will be sportswear. Oh, but it does show up under originals. You're right. Yeah. Like, if it's in originals. Or sportswear or oddity, it's not performance. OK, that makes sense. So if it's in originals, so if I were to go to the Adidas site and the original section, if it's not listed as one of those models. And I can definitely come with some specific examples of edge cases that we might be seeing that are trickier for us to identify. I would. Yeah. I'd be able to go with the two different sportswear. Yeah. I mean, Adi will have. I don't see F series on the Adi row. So IA3, that's, I don't know if they're manufacturing X anymore, but F series is massive for Adi. Adi Outdoor. Yeah, they'll have actual performance versions of Predator or F series for use on turf or indoor. There, I forget the phrase, cross-merchandising isn't the right thing. But if you go to Adi's website and search for kids' soccer shoes, Samba will show up in the middle of the page, but it's still tagged with originals and not sport. So yeah, there's a sport under the thumbnail. It's a performance product. And if it says originals or sportswear, and we're talking about Adidas, then it's lifestyle or sportswear. OK. That's helpful. Yeah, we'll definitely take a look at the data again, just because sometimes with the way certain web descriptions are laid out by retailers, they're not always as descriptive as they can be. So if there are edge cases, then we can find the right product for the retailer and kind of map it back. We'll figure out a challenge. Sorry, I didn't quite catch what you said. Oh, no, I was just saying Adidas is pretty clear, but if you were looking at a sportswear, if you were looking at a Samba on Dick's Sporting Goods or Foot Blocker, I mean, who knows? The same shoe show up on Dick's Sporting Goods website under men's soccer boots. So it's not easy. I think in those situations where you might have questions, I would generally default to going to the DTC description or categorization. That's probably the best, only because the shoe we're putting into sportswear right now is showing up at Dick's under men's soccer boots, and therefore, even though they're indoor. And they still show up under originals on Hany's website. So that's one of those trickier ones, but it really is. I mean, there's performance product people wear as lifestyle, but there's also lifestyle product people wear as performance. And so it becomes one of those things where the lines of work in some of these major franchises where it'll get a lot more detailed. And we just do the best we can. OK, gotcha. That makes sense. And yeah, definitely helpful to lean on the DTC description so we can plan to do that. Another question for everybody on the call. I'm sort of looking here on the Nike set, when do you want to have the conversation about how we classify certain, and I'm thinking of Adidas in here. Let's think of Gazelle as an example. That is a training-inspired shoe if we follow the letter of the law. Adi does not treat it as training-inspired. It's Samba, Spazio, the Oakland Rd. So we don't have to answer this now, but if we're thinking about the sportswear side of soccer, soccer-inspired, I wonder how we want to do some of that. Whether we want to treat it like other secondary research sources might do it, or the way we would want to treat it based on internal categorizations where there's a lot of stuff that doesn't have a soccer heritage that is going to go into a soccer-inspired bucket. So if this isn't the time for that, I think it's a good call because I kind of got into that with the skate-inspired piece, where some of it skate actually goes into lifestyle in the first place. But when you have the skates, you put in the skate-inspired bucket, it was very specific. And so I think maybe we do prioritize putting something like the Samba, the Gazelle, the Spazio into soccer-inspired because I think they're showing up here as well around me into soccer-inspired rather than the round. It's like, check, we want it in sportswear. We all know that. If we want to get to sub sports under sportswear, retro running, Y2K running, global football-inspired, we can have that conversation, I guess. I think that's part of the listing that we gave for lifestyle. Jason was the breakout for lifestyle. The sportswear included skate-inspired, soccer-inspired, et cetera. Yeah. OK. All right. Thank you for listening. I'm sorry for that. I just wasn't sure. Thank you, Alan. Yeah. I know how this works. So bowl is an example. There's more brands on Dick's Sporting Goods website that have soccer in place than what's listed here. How are those captured in taking the brand franchise approach? Plus, there's more models outside of the franchise listed that we still want to capture of soccer. Yeah. So this isn't exhaustive. It's not like if it's not on this brand list, it won't be included. I think this is just more so for those very specific brands, making sure that they are being included and considered as performance. But with regards to if a shoe is a soccer fleet category on Dick's, given that the web category points to that, we will also include that in our mapping. So the brand mapping is one layer, I would say. We also use keyword distinctions, exclusions, attributes. But it's not as if if it's not listed here as a brand, it's not going to be included. That's not really the intention. It's just more so we want to make sure we are capturing the key performance soccer brands here. And this is just a starting list. Again, if there are other brands, models here that should be included, definitely we can add those too and include our mapping to incorporate them. But it is really just one layer that we're looking at. Awesome. But yeah, that's super helpful. I think as we dig into sportswear, I think the field to play sportswear is maybe a little easier. But I think once we get into those sub-levels, it gets a little more challenging. So definitely as we get into it more, we'll share what we are seeing and how best to approach it. But yeah, I appreciate your guidance for sure. So that's helpful on soccer. Jordan, me, any other remaining questions on basketball or running based off of the Nike team's feedback? I think on basketball, it's pretty clear. A lot of the feedback from the last five was super helpful, some of the obvious stuff. Like if it's a football cleat, I didn't realize Jordan was in football baseball cleats at this point, honestly. So that was just kind of an easy mistake to make. But nothing else really. If any other franchises like dunks, Air Force Ones, Air Maxes, I think are all basketball inspired sportswear. If any other franchises like that do come up, I'll run them by you guys. But I think we've got pretty good next steps on that front. For running, I only have one clarifying question. So in the notes, you mentioned that one of the 1.0 ultra boosts, those should be classified as lifestyle. So if it's ultra boost, but it's 2.0 or above, would you consider those as performance? I think so. I just recently moved the Gen 1 ultra boost into lifestyle. I think they're on, I don't know what number they're on now. But I think anything outside of 1.0 would still be in running. Great. Yeah, thank you for clarifying that. They've got the 1.0s that are in sportswear, which is a non-performance category. Like the 5, I think they're up to 5x for the more expensive running shoes. And those are under performance. I don't see any other 2.0, 3.0 stuff on the line right now. Let's see. Actually, there are. There's a 2.4. Do they have that? Oh, these are Qolabs. That's really helpful. OK. And another question I have is, based off from this keyword list for performance, do you align with these keywords as performance shoes? Or is there anything else that we should classify them as lifestyle? I mean, from these keywords, do you also think these are right for performance? I think a lot of them are. I noticed Under Armour will have a lot of shoes with the word charged in it. In row 26, assert is what lets me know that's a running shoe, more than the word charged does. So I think charged is one of their, yes. No, it's like the technology. Yeah, like ZoomX or React. So I think mostly it's pretty good. And then just so all you even know, that column F, I just started filling that out. This is a level of detail that I know our running teams are interested in capturing in other secondary sources. I wasn't sure if we even have a plan. And this would be true in soccer as well, to try to create at some point a silo field, which is essentially, like at running, there's responsive shoes like Peg. There's max cushioning shoes like Bumero from us, or Clifton and Bondi from Hoka. And there's supportive shoes, which would be Structure from Nike, anything that's broke with GTS in it, for example. So none of you needs to pay attention to column F now. That was just me getting a tiny head start based on some of the styles that were already in this file. Got it. Yeah, for that running silos, we can take a look into each of these and see what's the feasibility of capturing these details. And then we can get back to you on maybe a field rate in terms of how much we can parse this information from the description that we have. Yeah, we have a pretty exhaustive list ourselves. And it's just going to be whether it goes into, whichever of those three silos it goes into is going to depend on the franchise. So Pegasus, if it's a road shoe, is always responsive. Bondi and Clifton are always going to be max cushioning. Yeah, that would be awesome if you have a list and we can take a look and see if we could include that in our parsing. Very helpful. Any other questions from the Yipit side? OK, great. In terms of next steps, we're going to keep iterating based off of your feedback. I think one thing that could be helpful if the Nike team has time, similar to how you did a review for basketball and running, I think just kind of doing a look through of the performance and sports versus soccer tabs just to see if those look right, if things should be included, just kind of give a little notice to make sure that we're not missing anything. Give a little note as to why. But yeah, I think those will be helpful for us as well. And then we can kind of iterate on that category. But yeah, I think we have enough to keep going on our side. And yeah, we'll be in touch via Slack. OK, thank you. Thank you, Joe Bajegs. Awesome. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Wiring... Bir. Okay. . . . . . . .