 If you are like me, and I bet you are, you like to keep things clean, organized, under your control. But again, if you're like me, you like technology, you like to test things. A new library, a new technology comes up, you want to test it. Let's see how it runs on my computer. And that can be dangerous, because you install something, then you install something else, and then you tweak a configuration in your computer, and it snowballs. And you're no longer under control of what's happening and the impacts it's going to have in your computer. Wouldn't it be nice if we could just create very easily a playground where you could do anything inside it? And if it works, if it can add value to your business or your project, you can keep it there. And if not, we just delete it and start all over again, with no further consequences to our system. Wouldn't it be nice? Well, it is, it is totally possible, and I'm going to show you how. Okay, so let me demonstrate in an image. I like to keep things visual. You're using a laptop, you want to test something. You want to perform a potentially dangerous test activity, something new. And it's dangerous. It can be potentially harmful for your computer as you're dealing with directly with your system configurations, your files. So it's usually a problem. Don't do it. Just take twice before it, at least. You don't want to do that because if you do something wrong, if you mess it up, it can impact your computer in a way that it will be less than, I don't know, pleasurable to fix. So one of my preferred solutions to a situation like that is to use this very, very charismatic whale that we call Docker. And how does it serve me? Well, it can be our solution because we can essentially create another, like a machine, this is a container, inside Docker. So it stays isolated from our main system. So I can do anything I want to it. And if it doesn't work, I'll just delete it. And that's okay. There will be no trace of it. There'll be no permanent change in my computer. That's going to make me regret doing that in the future. That's basically it. So within my operational system, I'll connect not directly to this potentially harmful application. I'll connect to this other system. And then I'll be able to play, to do things that I want. And it's also very replicable. I will use a very simple blueprint, create the system, do whatever I want, then have my fun. Have my fun. And then I can either leave it there, running, adding value, or I could delete it. And if it works, I could simply give it to you. Because since the blueprint is already there, the Docker container will be the same that you create. So I can simply share that with you. And you can do it on your own and have the same exact same setup for you to work with. So let's do it. All right. So that's our checklist. We're going to start by installing Docker. It should be pretty straightforward. Just go to Docker.com. And there will be instructions for Windows, Mac, and Linux. Not a huge lift here. Then we're going to create this blueprint that we, it's the Docker compose.yml file. So basically I'm going to choose my directory that I created. That I created. So Docker task temp. And I'm going to create this file called Docker compose. And I will use my ID. So it's, I think it's easier for us to visualize what's going on. All right. So let me copy this. Inside my folder, I'll create this Docker compose.yml file. Let's zoom in a little bit. And basically here, I'm going to describe the services I want to create within our, the containers. So the unique one I'm going to create right now is based on this image you built to latest from Docker Hub. Probably not optimal for most cases because there are a lot of more specific images that you do this for specific projects. But let's use this one for now. I'm going to call this container, you build a container. The volumes I'm going to create are called synced. It wants to, what's the volume? Basically it's a folder that's both within my container. So they're both synced. So whenever I create something on my computer within this folder will be automatically on my computer. And that's great for making interacting with folders in and outside the container. And I'm also changing the working directory with the default one for sync. So I don't have to be switching the working directory all the time. And in this command section, I'm basically saying, hey, as soon as you start, run those two bash commands. That's basically it. And once this stops, the container should now. Okay, that's very important to notice. So the first one, I'll update the package manager. And the second one basically does nothing. Remember that as soon as it gets done running those commanders, it's just now. This command does nothing, but it keeps it running. It keeps the container alive because I want it there available for me to do whatever I want. Whenever I want. And this last one, it basically enables the interactive terminal so I can interact with the container. So that's a very simple file. And I'll link the code in the description so you can just copy and paste. And that's one of the major points of using Docker is that everything created is reproducible. If you use this exact folder, this Docker Compose file within your computer and run it, assuming that the image is still the same, you're going to have the exact same setup. So whatever I run here and it works here will be working on your computer as well. So I already created this. Let's come here to the terminal again. We can see that Docker Composing almost there. And I'll use it for Docker Compose up. That is to make it run on the on the background. So it's pulling the image. It should take a few seconds. And it is. It started. You can verify that with Docker PS. You can see that it's running. It has been running for five seconds. And yeah, what now? Because it's running. But what can I do with it? Well, since we have the name of this container that is Ubuntu container, we can basically call that the terminal. So with Docker exact dash ID, Ubuntu container dash. When else to run? I'm a root user within my container. What about now? Well, I could create. I could start doing anything I want. For example, let's say I want to install Python. So apt-get since I'm root, I don't have to use sudo apt-get. apt-install Python 3. Python 3. Yes. Waiting for it to install. What happened here? Docker, yes. Did it freeze? I don't know, but it was just waiting. All right, let's call it Python. I'm in America. A time zone. I don't find, let's say, billing. More. Billing. And same. So if I want, I would just start using Python with Python 3 and print. Hello. Or just create a variable. Ax for ax like square. Square for ax in range 10. Yeah, seems to be working. What else can you do with it? Well, we don't have to rely only on our terminal. If you use VS Code or any VS Code-based ID, you could use this extension that is called container, devcontainer. Devcontainer. And basically allows you to verify which are the containers that are running inside your system and connect it to it directly from your IDE. All right, so it's here. And it's very helpful because you could, in my case, for example, interact with the agents from Cursor. So I'll just ask, hey, create a Fibonacci.py script. For me. And set here. So we'll create this script. The time I come from my container. So it should also take a few seconds. And it's there. We could, let's trust it. And it seems like it's working. And once I get back to my terminal, let's exit Python. And last, I can already see Fibonacci.py. So I'll just execute it and see what happens. Python 3. Fibonacci.py. Let's calculate the first 20 numbers. And it's there. It worked. So in this few, like in those last minutes, we created this other environment inside the computer. We installed something. We created a script. Interacted with that directly from my IDE and from our terminal. So that's basically it. And with that, we can do so much. So much. So I hope you use that knowledge carefully and for good purposes. That's it. Thank you very much for your time. See you.